EDU-2191-Component-EN-Edge-Firewall (#342)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/products/edge-firewall/edge-firewall.mdx

By using Azion as your Edge Computing platform, you can create security settings on Edge Firewall to protect your applications. Those Edge Firewall settings are called **Rule Sets** and represents a set of rules that will be applied to the domains of your applications.

:::tip
You can share the same Rule Set among all applications that adopt the same security policy.
:::

An Edge Firewall Rule Set consists in an identification name, all your application domains where Edge Firewall should be applied, what are the applied modules, and what are the security rules configured in the **Rules Engine** tab.

> :::note
> Visit [Rules Engine for Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/rules-engine/) documentation to learn more about the product.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
import Button from '~/components/Button.astro';
<Button href="/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/rules-engine/" text="go to Rules Engine reference" variant="secondary"> 
</Button>
```

| Network Layer Protection | `Hostname`<br /> `Network`<br /> `Request URI`<br /> `Scheme`<br /> `Client Certificate Validation` | `Deny (403 Forbidden)`<br /> `Drop (Close Without Response)`<br /> `Set Rate Limit` |
| Web Application Firewall | `Header Accept`<br /> `Header Accept-Encoding`<br /> `Header Accept-Language`<br /> `Header Cookie`<br /> `Header Origin`<br /> `Header Referer`<br /> `Header User Agent`<br /> `Hostname`<br /> `Request Args`<br /> `Request Method`<br /> `Request URI`<br /> `Scheme`<br /> `Client Certificate Validation` | `Deny (403 Forbidden)`<br /> `Drop (Close Without Response)`<br /> `Set Rate Limit`<br /> `Set WAF Rule Set` |

:::note

> DDoS Protection module is activated by standard and doesn't need any additional configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DDoS Protection module is activated by default and doesn't need any additional configuration.
```
